## Async pull requested events

- We want to pull a set of events in a goroutine base on the input filters.

Algorithm:

Read all messages in an infinite for-loop from the socket connection and place them on a local in-mem channel.

Add channels to Connection that stays open for the duration of the connection.
This makes sense, since we will always move events only local channel from socket. If not, there is no point to have
a conection by definitino.

## Home screen layout

Algorithm:

1. Request all profiles listed in local config.
2. Stdout profile
3. Request 3 events for each profile.
4. Stdout events

## Add subscription abstraction

- A subscription label and counter is required to manage the subId.
- Subscription has too wrap a websocket connection to a relay to which it can fire a request.
- The request should return events through the WS and place them onto an event channel that is owned by subscription.
- When an EOSE message is received from the connection, the subscription closes with the done channel and all events are read from connection.
- Events that a client receives, can only be due to a subsciption made in the past. Therefore, subscription has to own the event channel.
- Filtering happens on the relay side, not the client. So Subscription will not own FIlters for the time being.

## Maybe add a relay abstraction or just keep it connection.

- Once a connection is establish it has to listen to incoming data from the relay stream. aka ReadMessage from socket.
- Maybe keep the Connection absraction as the domain langauge between relay and client. Otherwise shit gets confusing. If we rename it to relay it seems like a RPC call. Henve an antiparttern.
- The connection owns the subscriptions, since when reading an event from the relay it has to know to which subsciption event channel to place it in. This is done via the subId returns by EVENT.
- Have a local write channel to push REQ, before offloading it to the write connection in a socket.

## Notes

- Every struct in CLI has to encapsulate the Connection by definition.
